Wiki content:

  1.Rules
  2.General Info
  3.Missions
  4.Dark Zones
  5.Black Market and Drug Dealer
  6.Key Cards
  7.Other Info
  
  
  
  
  
    1.Rules
      -No racism, homophobia or other hateful behaviour
      -Do not flame or fight other players via chat
      -Cheating will result in a permanent ban
      -No back seat admins, let the actual admins handle situations
      -No glitching or exploiting bugs, if you discover one please report it to an admin
      -Giving out information about player/base locations in global chat is forbidden
      -Do not loot cycle, this will eventually lag the server
      -Combat log-outs will result in a temporary ban, you have to wait 10 minutes after killing a player before log out.
      -Do not build in high value zones such as military bases without consulting an admin first, illegal bases will be deleted.
      -Remember, this is a game, be friendly to your fellow survivors even if they kill you
  
  
  
    2.General Info
      The goal of this server is to provide our players with a healthy mix of PvP and PvE.
      We have a balanced loot & trader, regular traders will only sell very basic items and you will not find any high tier loot outside of the Dark Zones.
      Our Black Market does not sell weapons, you can only sell your weapons to it. It does how ever sell ammo and mags but at a very high price, because of this even the
      most well geared clans will always have to put in some work and make money to afford the expensive high grade ammo.
      We offer multiple ways for players to earn money except for the regular loot & sell-cycle. We have custom PvEvP missions using the SurvivorMissions module that anyone
      with a radio and a 9v battery can take part in. We are also using CannabisPlus which allows you to plant cannabis seeds, cultivate them and harvest them for profit.
      More money-making options will be avaliable in the future.
      
 
 
    3.Missions
      In order to take part in our dynamic missions, you have to find a radio and a 9v battery. You must then turn on your radio and tune in to 99.7 and wait until you
      receive a message. There are multiple missions with different rewards, some awards the player with a special Key Card (See item 6.)
      Just remember that anyone with a radio can track your progress, and other players might come for you to steal your rewards.
      


    4.Dark Zones
      We have disabled the vanilla dynamic toxic zones and have instead created two static zones at Tri Kresta Military Base and Tisy Military Base.
      These two bases are called the Dark Zones, and they contain the best loot avaliable but at the highest risk.
      Dark Zones are covered in a purple fog and the air is toxic, exposure will give you a virus which will kill you in a matter of minutes without a Toxic Cure vial.
      So survive in a Dark Zone, you'll need a gas mask, certain masks needs filter while others have integrated filters.
      
      The loot inside a Dark Zone is of the highest tier avaliable (Tier 4), but there's also bonus crates which are guarded by mutated zeds which boost much higher HP
      than regular zombies. There are also locked vault doors that require certain Key Cards to open.
      
      Dark Zones are supposed to be the hardest part of our server, both PvE and PvP, the thick fog makes it hard to see and the zombies pose a real threat to even
      the most well equipped player.
      


    5.Black Market & Drug Dealer
      As mentioned before, our Black Market does not sell weapons. The reason for this is that we want our players to take part in the dangerous end-game activities
      that we have created. You can how ever buy ammo and mags, but they are very expensive and you'll have to take risks to make the money needed to afford them.
      The Black Markets location is a secret, but here's a hint: "Video killed the ... star"
      
      The Drug Dealer is simple, you can only buy rolling papers but you can sell packed bricks of cannabis to him.
      To obtain a brick of cannabis, you have to do the following:
        1.Obtain some seeds, this can be done via Air Drop events or looting in the Dark Zone.
        2.Plant the seeds in a garden plot or a green house and water them, remember to use fertilizer since it gives you more cannabis buds when harvesting.
        3.Harvest the plant when it's fully grown, a fertilized plant (Garden Lime fertilizer) will yield 4 buds when harvested.
        4.Pack the buds by putting one in your hand and combining it with another.
        5.Repeat this process untill you have 16 bags of cannabis, combine the stacked packs with duct tape to create a brick.
        
      You can only combine cannabis of the same type (Ex. Purple Haze + Purple Haze will work, Skunk + Purple Haze will not work)
      Different strains of cannabis are worth different amounts, skunk being the least valuable.
      
     
    6.Key Cards
      Key Cards can be obtained from certain missions and can unlock vault doors in Dark Zones. These vaults each contain a chest that contains a motherlode of loot
      that can contain everything from the best weapons, to the best armors, to the best cannabis seeds and so on.
      Other players will want to steal your Key Card, so it's best to bring some friends or allies when doing these missions.
      
      
    7.Other features
      We have a lot of quality of life mods on the server, such as:
        -No Vehicle Damage, you can still destroy your engine from over heating or by shooting it
        -You can shake certain trees for fruit
        -Unlimited Stamina
        -Base Building Plus
        -Multiple custom gear and weapon mods
        -Banking and ATM (Including robbable ATMS)
        -Gas Pumps
        -Hunting and mining with dedicated traders (WIP)
        -Global Chat and party system
        -Custom cars
        And much more
     
      
      

  
